(futuristic music)
- So now it's time to take a look at a Solution
to Building the Data Services.
(mumbling) here I've created two new modules.
One for the reservation services
and one for the room services
and both of them are exactly identical,
with of course the data being different,
but I've created a couple of classes here.
So one for the enevy which I've annotated
correctly based on the schema data.
I have a repository interface
that has no details other than the repository.
And I have a web service that is marked
with a res controller the appropriate request
mapping and then a
get operation and a get by idea operation.
Now right now if we try to start up all three
of our web services,
they would fail because they're all going to run
on the default port.
We could go in and modify that in the application
on properties files,
but we're going to configure that a little bit later.
So what I'm going to to here is,
I'm just going to jump in and we will start up
an application such as our room web services.
This is a nice little window
that I get with IntelliJay,
that allows me to run multiple
spring boot applications at once.
It's the same as running the main method
that you would do in your IDE or running
it from the command lines.
So I'm just going to start the application.
Once it's up, jump into my web browser,
make sure that it responds,
and indeed I get room data.
And then make sure that it's responding by IDE,
and I get single room data.
So now we go back to the IDE and I'll stop
that application,
and I will start up my reservations application.
And once that's up and running,
we'll go back to the web browser
and go to the closed ADE/reservations
and I have one reservation in the system.
And we can go to one and still see that reservation.
Again all of this data came from the data
that sequel file and all of this schema
came from the schema.dot sequel files
as part of spring data,
but all and all we've got the application
running the way we expect.
So we are good to proceed to the next step
and that's in the next chapter
where we'll start bringing in external configuration.